# Seed Phrase Pictures

Guess the seed phrase to win the pot. Need help? Mint a HINT. Powered by DALL-E, artwork is generated by words in the seed phrase.

Seed Phrase HINTs are created by AI, based on words contained in the seed phrase. When you mint a HINT, you get exclusive access to that image for 1 hour, then it is revealed publicly. Can you use the HINTs to guess the seed phrase before anyone else?

Mint now: https://seedphrase.pictures (Arbitrum One)
Discord: https://discord.gg/ABb3uDcsWf
Opensea: https://opensea.io/collection/seed-phrase-pictures

## Who is the artist?
Seed Phrase HINTs are generated by the DALL-E artificial intellegence. One or more words from the seed phrase are included as inputs.

## Does this metadata include hints, or only the images?
Both the metadata and images may include hints. For "Season 1", images will be based on a single word from the seed phrase. The NFT metadata will reveal the position of that word in the phrase.

## But aren't some words impossible to guess?
It is true that some words in a seed phrase are more difficult to describe in an image, while others (such as animals or objects) may be guessed quickly based on the AI-generated images. If it proves too difficult to guess some words, new hints may be introduced, such as "starts with letter __" and perhaps others.

## What if nobody can correctly guess the seed phrase?
If it proves too difficult to guess some words, new hints may be introduced, such as "starts with letter __" and perhaps others. If a correct guess continues to prove elusive, we may move on to "Season 2" with HINTs now based on a new seed phrase. The prize pool would continue to grow, and guessing either phrase takes the entire prize. And so on.

## Are there advantages to minting a hint? Why should I mint?
YES. When a new HINT is minted, the image is only revealed to the minter for a limited time. In Season 1, this time period is one hour. During this exclusive time window, the minter has the advantage of HINTs that others do not. Perhaps this advantage will be enough to enable the minter to put the final pieces of the puzzle in place, or enough time to try multiple variations with the new HINT as a guide? Another potential strategy is batch minting multiple HINTs at the same time, giving the minter many exclusive HINTs to consider, before the rest of the world sees them.

## What is the mint cost? Are there fees?
For Season 1, the mint cost is 0.005 ETH per hint. At the time of writing, this is about 8 USD. This price can be changed by the contract deployer, and may be increased or decreased in future seasons. Mints costs are held by the contract until there is a winner. When a winner evenutally claims the prize, 95% of the prize pool is transferred to the winner, and 5% is trasferred to the deployer, to cover image generation API costs and to provide a little pocket change.

At the time of writing, the gas cost to mint a HINT on Arbitrum One was about (10 cents)[https://arbiscan.io/tx/0x71a2e1e8ca3ab3d56bacbe11b4e0978a6944a2ba8b8c4a2f395104973f682597].

## What license for the NFT images?
Your HINTs are yours. Enjoy.

## Don't YOU know the seed phrase? Will this be a rug pull?
This is a fair question. The seed phrase is generated in an auotmated manner and securely stored online using the "Secrets" feature of Google Cloud. That said, this feature DOES give me the ability to "reveal" the secret -- there doesn't seem to be a way to turn this off. Currently, you have to trust me: I promise not to rug pull the minters. If anyone has suggestions that could make this trustless, I would be very interested to implement such a solution. Let's discuss in the (Discord)[https://discord.gg/ABb3uDcsWf].

# The Tech
- the smart contract for Seed Phrase is on Arbitrum One at https://arbiscan.io/address/0x0bdde82bfc59eff2d599b003d81083d46b39d60e
- Images and metadata served via Google Firebase Functions
- For the code used to generate prompts for DALL-E image creation, see the `/server/index.js` file in this repository

# Testnet
Want to try before you buy (mint)? Seed Phrase Pictures is also deployed to the Arbitrum Goerli testnet (https://goerli.arbiscan.io/address/0xC825dd6c5742532b2a30591eea09017A9a6c9d8f). From https://seedphrase.pictures you can switch networks to Arbitrum Goerli and then use the Mint section. Note that a _different_ seed phrase is configured for testnet, so HINTs on testnet will NOT help you guess the seed phrase on (Arbitrum) mainnet.

# Contact
Discord: https://discord.gg/ABb3uDcsWf
Twitter: https://twitter.com/mthacks

